GRADLE.CHEATSHEET.asciidoc, before:

As a quick helper, below are the equivalent commands from `maven` to `gradle`. You can also run `gradle tasks` to see all tasks that are available to run.

[cols="3*", options="header"]
|====
| Maven                       | Gradle      | Description
| `clean`                     | `clean`     | Delete anything that exists already.
| `test`                      | `test`      | Run all unit tests.
| `verify`                    | `check`     | Run all unit tests, plus extra checks (e.g., line length)
| `verify -Dskip.unit.tests`  | `integTest` | 
| `package -DskipTests`       | `assemble`  | Output is in `${project.projectDir}/build/distributions`
| `install -DskipTests`       | `install`   | 

With Gradle, you can easily target specific `projects` to run commands against, and it will build all necessary dependencies to make it happen. For example, if you make a change to a specific test in the `x-pack` subproject, then you can specifically invoke its `test` task.

[source,bash]
----
$ gradle :x-plugins:elasticsearch:x-pack:test -Dtests.class=*YourTests
----

This applies to any command that follows the Directed Acyclic Graph (DAG) for its dependencies. The above example would trigger Elasticsearch `core` to be built, as well as the test framework and any other dependencies that it may have.

Commit message:

Adding more Gradle info
Original commit: elastic/x-pack@f7a8411101dcb5bdf0240548115f5f607294384a

GRADLE.CHEATSHEET.asciidoc, after:

To compile `x-plugins`, you must clone the Elasticsearch repository into the same parent directory. For example:

[source,bash]
----
$ mkdir elastic
$ cd elastic
$ git clone git@github.com:elastic/elasticsearch.git
$ git clone git@github.com:elastic/x-plugins.git
----

Once cloned, any command should be issused from the **elasticsearch** directory.

[source,bash]
----
$ cd elasticsearch
$ gradle clean test check <1>
----
<1> This will run the `clean` task, `test` task, and then the `check` task on _every_ project that has it. However, `check` requires that `test` be run, so it won't _rerun_ `test`. `clean` is unnecessary here, but people often use it anyway.

As a quick helper, below are the equivalent commands from `maven` to `gradle`. You can also run `gradle tasks` to see all tasks that are available to run.

[cols="3*", options="header"]
|====
| Maven                       | Gradle      | Description
| `clean`                     | `clean`     | Delete anything that exists already. You do _not_ generally need to run `clean` with Gradle for any task that _Gradle_ manages the inputs/outputs (in other words, it knows when it needs to rebuild versus reuse).
| `test`                      | `test`      | Run all unit tests.
| `verify`                    | `check`     | Run all tests, plus extra checks (e.g., line length).
| `verify -Dskip.unit.tests`  | `integTest` | Run only integration tests.
| `package -DskipTests`       | `assemble`  | Output is in `${project.projectDir}/build/distributions`
| `install -DskipTests`       | `install`   | Build jars and place them into the local _Maven_ repository (yes, even with Gradle).
+
This should be unnecessary with the unified build!
|====

With Gradle, you can easily target specific `projects` to run commands against, and it will build all necessary dependencies to make it happen. For example, if you make a change to a specific test in the `x-pack` subproject, then you can specifically invoke its `test` task.

[source,bash]
----
$ gradle :x-plugins:elasticsearch:x-pack:test -Dtests.class=*YourTests
----

This applies to any command that follows the Directed Acyclic Graph (DAG) for its dependencies. The above example would trigger Elasticsearch `core` to be built, as well as the test framework and any other dependencies that it may have.
